docs: improve install, debug and config guide (#5)
ExpressGateway/express-gateway-plugin-lambda: README.md

This plugin will attempt a best guess at the `Content-Type` of the response.  It is recommended to use Proxy Integration whenever possible.

## Installation

```
eg plugin install express-gateway-plugin-lambda
```

or refer to [Plugin installation guide][plugin-install-guide]

## Credentials & Config

This plugin follows conventions for credentials defined by the AWS Node.js SDK. See [Setting Credentials in Node.js][aws-sdk-creds] for more information.

When using your local AWS config file (for `region` etc.), make sure you set the `AWS_SDK_LOAD_CONFIG` environment variable to a truthy value. Also, see [Configuration and Credential Files][aws-sdk-config]

Example:

```
AWS_SDK_LOAD_CONFIG=true npm start
```
---
### Debugging:

> If you get `Internal Server Error` from plugin, see debug logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get `Internal Server Error` from plugin, you can see the extended logs by doing:
```
